[ML] Warn when creating job with an unusual bucket span (#82145)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/anomaly-detection/apis/put-job.asciidoc

`bucket_span`:::
(<<time-units,time units>>)
include::{es-repo-dir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=bucket-span]
+

> deprecated:[8.1, "Setting `bucket_span` to a value that is neither an integral multiple
> nor divisor of the number of seconds in a day is deprecated and will be disallowed in a
> future major version."]

Reviewer: This might be clearer to the average person if there was less mathematical terminology, for example:

```suggestion
deprecated:[8.1, "Setting `bucket_span` such that it is neither a whole number of days
nor that there are a whole number of buckets in one day is deprecated and will be
disallowed in a future version."]
```

Do you have an opinion @lcawl?

Reviewer 2: I agree that this suggestion is easier to understand. I also think this detail is important enough to include in the body of the description, rather than in a deprecation popover.  I'll add a commit for consideration.

`bucket_span`:::
(<<time-units,time units>>)
include::{es-repo-dir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=bucket-span]
+
deprecated:[8.1, "Setting `bucket_span` to a value that is neither an integral multiple

> nor divisor of a day is deprecated and will be disallowed in a future major version."]

Reviewer 3: To me it was not obvious that a "divisor of a day" means "divisor of a number of seconds in a day".
Could it be stated more explicitly here and in other places?
